README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
<a href="emily_dickinson_tribute.html">
Tribute Page </a> </h1>

## Why did I choose Emily Dickinson?

Emily Dickinson had one of the most unique and interesting ways of writing her poems. She had a special ability that allows to her to describe abstracts concepts with concrete pictures.  One of my favourite poems is 

> If I can stop one heart from breaking,
I shall not live in vain;
If I can ease one life the aching,
Or cool one pain,
Or help one fainting robin
Unto his nest again,
I shall not live in vain

## What did I learn and what were my relections on the development journey.

Watching videos on HTML, CSS, accessibilities, asking questions, doing tons of googling, finding solutions on stackoverflow or sometimes on reddit. There were trial and error when playing around with css flexbox and grids. I have learnt so much about utilising Git using the command line and how it is so beneficial when you use Git and Github for version control. 

HTML and CSS taught me the very basic building blocks of the web. Parallax scolling is probably one of my favourites for web designing. I have so much respect for anyone who uses parallax as their design as it is not easy and words might float around if not used correctly. I learnt that there are no 'one size fits all' answers and you need to be logical and be able to solve problems no matter how simple or complex it is when building a website. Most importantly, Google is your best friend.

Commit message:

Removed link from heading, added link detail

README.md, after:

# Tribute Page

## Why did I choose Emily Dickinson?

Emily Dickinson had one of the most unique and interesting ways of writing her poems. She had a special ability that allows to her to describe abstracts concepts with concrete pictures.  One of my favourite poems is 

> If I can stop one heart from breaking,
I shall not live in vain;
If I can ease one life the aching,
Or cool one pain,
Or help one fainting robin
Unto his nest again,
I shall not live in vain

## What did I learn and what were my relections on the development journey.

Watching videos on HTML, CSS, accessibilities, asking questions, doing tons of googling, finding solutions on stackoverflow or sometimes on reddit. There were trial and error when playing around with css flexbox and grids. I have learnt so much about utilising Git using the command line and how it is so beneficial when you use Git and Github for version control. 

HTML and CSS taught me the very basic building blocks of the web. Parallax scolling is probably one of my favourites for web designing. I have so much respect for anyone who uses parallax as their design as it is not easy and words might float around if not used correctly. I learnt that there are no 'one size fits all' answers and you need to be logical and be able to solve problems no matter how simple or complex it is when building a website. Most importantly, Google is your best friend. 



## Link to Emily Dickinson Tribute Page!

Click the <a href="emily_dickinson_tribute.html" target=_blank> Emily Dickinson Tribute </a> to direct you to the page or alternatively, https://schoolofcode.github.io/w0d0_precourse-challenge-mirellacodes/emily_dickinson_tribute.html
